resume.md, before:

## Michał Michalski

### Senior C++/Python Software Engineer

[Poznań, Poland][1] | [michal@buyuk-dev.com][2] | [buyuk-dev.com][3] | [+48 514 954 985][4]

### Summary

Senior Software Engineer with more than 8 years of commercial experience in software development.
Has solid expertise in Python, JavaScript, and C++.
Creative and helpful team player with problem-solving skills.
Motivated to cope with challenging tasks and make a valuable contribution to a new team.

{ C++, Python, C#, JavaScript, Bash, Linux, Windows, Git, Scrum, AWS, Azure }

### Experience

#### 01.2023 - 02.2024 P&P Solutions (Contractor)

*Senior Software Engineering*

+ Development and maintenance of a complex optimization engine for a large customer from airline industry
+ Modified existing optimization algorithm by adding advanced features, improving efficiency and effectiveness
+ Initiated the development of a metaheuristic alternative approach to the algorithm
+ Introduced a Python/Pytest framework for robust end-to-end testing, ensuring application reliability
+ Drove code quality improvements, establishing Clang Format and Clang Tidy for standardized coding practices
+ Project details withheld due to confidentiality agreement
+ { C++17, Python, Visual Studio, Windows, Linux, Cmake, Boost }

#### 08.2020 - 09.2021 ActiveVideo Engineering

*Senior Software Egnineer*

+ Developing [AppCloud][6] backend
+ Writing tests
+ Developing tool for retrieving session logs
+ { C++, googletest, PyTest, Python, ElasticSearch }

#### 09.2018 - 06.2020 Samsung Research and Development

*Software Engineer @Samsung*

+ Tizen WebAPI development [open source code][5]
+ MediaController module owner
+ Adding unit tests to untested code base
+ Automating common tasks
+ Published [whitepaper describing EWIDL][7]
+ ToF depth sensor optimization for flagship smartphone
+ 2nd place at Samsung Bixby Capsule hackathon
+ { C++, JavaScript ES5, Python, WebIDL, Doxygen, API design, googletest, Mocha, Chai, JIRA, Bash, OpenCL, Bixby }

#### 03.2017 - 08.2018 Nokia

*Software Engineer @Nokia*

+ Development of LTE Base Station software
+ Creating system component tests
+ Workflow automation
+ Member of the code reviewers group
+ Web application development
+ Participated in SCRUM training
+ { C++17, Python, Bash, STL, Boost, googletest, TTCN3, Flask, SQLite, SQLAlchemy, Crucible/Fisheye }

#### 02.2016 - 02.2017 Hewlett-Packard Enterprise

*Designer / Backend C++ Developer @Sabre*

+ Development of airlines reservation system
+ Workflow automation
+ Supporting big data processing system for RollceRoyce
+ { C++03, googletest, Python, Bash, Informatica }

#### 06.2014 - 02.2016 Zylia

*Research & Development Software Engineer*

+ Set-top-box operating system development (Zenterio OS)
+ Web application development
+ R&D on sound processing algorithms
+ Writing multimedia processing pipelines
+ { C++11, googletest, Python, Django, JavaScript, JQuery, Celery, AWS, NumPy, Matplotlib, GStreamer }

*Intern R&D Software Engineer*

+ Design and implementation of digital watermark decoder for H264 video stream
+ { C++11, GStreamer }

### Interests

* Professional: Software Architecture, Clean Code, Ariticial Intelligence
* Personal: Neuroscience, Climbing, Violin

[1]: https://goo.gl/maps/qAdy1uoFEL4WnwPM6
[2]: mailto:michal@buyuk-dev.com
[3]: https://buyuk-dev.com
[4]: tel:+48514954985

[5]: https://review.tizen.org/git/?p=platform%2Fcore%2Fapi%2Fwebapi-plugins.git&a=search&h=refs%2Fheads%2Ftizen&st=author&s=Michal+Michalski
[6]: https://www.activevideo.com/appcloud
[7]: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9240696

Commit message:

Update headline; Add parental break;

resume.md, after:

## Michał Michalski

### Senior C++/Python Software Engineer

[Poznań, Poland][1] | [michal@buyuk-dev.com][2] | [buyuk-dev.com][3] | [+48 514 954 985][4]

### Summary

Senior Software Engineer with 10++ years of commercial experience in software development.
Expert in C++ and Python, proficient with C# and JavaScript
Creative and helpful team player with problem-solving skills.
Motivated to cope with challenging tasks and make a valuable contribution to a new team.

{ C++, Python, C#, JavaScript, Bash, Linux, Windows, Git, Scrum, AWS, Azure }

### Experience

#### 01.2023 - 02.2024 P&P Solutions (Contractor)

*Senior Software Engineering*

+ Development and maintenance of a complex optimization engine for a large customer from airline industry
+ Modified existing optimization algorithm by adding advanced features, improving efficiency and effectiveness
+ Initiated the development of a metaheuristic alternative approach to the algorithm
+ Introduced a Python/Pytest framework for robust end-to-end testing, ensuring application reliability
+ Drove code quality improvements, establishing Clang Format and Clang Tidy for standardized coding practices
+ Project details withheld due to confidentiality agreement
+ { C++17, Python, Visual Studio, Windows, Linux, Cmake, Boost }

#### 10.2021 - 12.2022 Career Break (newborn son)

#### 08.2020 - 09.2021 ActiveVideo Engineering

*Senior Software Egnineer*

+ Developing [AppCloud][6] backend
+ Writing tests
+ Developing tool for retrieving session logs
+ { C++, googletest, PyTest, Python, ElasticSearch }

#### 09.2018 - 06.2020 Samsung Research and Development

*Software Engineer @Samsung*

+ Tizen WebAPI development [open source code][5]
+ MediaController module owner
+ Adding unit tests to untested code base
+ Automating common tasks
+ Published [whitepaper describing EWIDL][7]
+ ToF depth sensor optimization for flagship smartphone
+ 2nd place at Samsung Bixby Capsule hackathon
+ { C++, JavaScript ES5, Python, WebIDL, Doxygen, API design, googletest, Mocha, Chai, JIRA, Bash, OpenCL, Bixby }

#### 03.2017 - 08.2018 Nokia

*Software Engineer @Nokia*

+ Development of LTE Base Station software
+ Creating system component tests
+ Workflow automation
+ Member of the code reviewers group
+ Web application development
+ Participated in SCRUM training
+ { C++17, Python, Bash, STL, Boost, googletest, TTCN3, Flask, SQLite, SQLAlchemy, Crucible/Fisheye }

#### 02.2016 - 02.2017 Hewlett-Packard Enterprise

*Designer / Backend C++ Developer @Sabre*

+ Development of airlines reservation system
+ Workflow automation
+ Supporting big data processing system for RollceRoyce
+ { C++03, googletest, Python, Bash, Informatica }

#### 06.2014 - 02.2016 Zylia

*Research & Development Software Engineer*

+ Set-top-box operating system development (Zenterio OS)
+ Web application development
+ R&D on sound processing algorithms
+ Writing multimedia processing pipelines
+ { C++11, googletest, Python, Django, JavaScript, JQuery, Celery, AWS, NumPy, Matplotlib, GStreamer }

*Intern R&D Software Engineer*

+ Design and implementation of digital watermark decoder for H264 video stream
+ { C++11, GStreamer }

### Interests

* Professional: Software Architecture, Clean Code, Ariticial Intelligence
* Personal: Neuroscience, Climbing, Violin

[1]: https://goo.gl/maps/qAdy1uoFEL4WnwPM6
[2]: mailto:michal@buyuk-dev.com
[3]: https://buyuk-dev.com
[4]: tel:+48514954985

[5]: https://review.tizen.org/git/?p=platform%2Fcore%2Fapi%2Fwebapi-plugins.git&a=search&h=refs%2Fheads%2Ftizen&st=author&s=Michal+Michalski
[6]: https://www.activevideo.com/appcloud
[7]: https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9240696
